The Joe Rogan experience.
You know, uh, Les STR. Yeah. Uh, so he did that show.
About Survivorman Bigfoot. Yeah. But it.
Just went away.
Bro. That show, I love Stroud. I love him. Love him.
Love Survivorman that show was so dumb. Yeah.
He had a guy on the show that is known in the Bigfoot world
as being full of. Yeah. Which is bad.
Like if the Bigfoot world's pretty open mind <laugh>
This is one of the things that I wanted to bring up about that four 11 to hunted
thing.
There's audio recording that was supposedly taken
from the 1970s from Northern California.
Um, I wanna say Sonoma,
I don't remember where it was. It was somewhere in Northern California,
but it's called they call 'em the, uh,
samurai sounds the Samura and it's the weirdest, man.
It's like these guys had this spot that they would go into the,
into the mountains and they would hunt every year and they built the structure
out there and then they brought recording equipment and they claimed to have
recorded sounds of these animals, these Bigfoot,
and that they,
these Bigfoot were around them all the time while they were up there.
Now what's crazy about it is the sounds are so weird.
It sounds like someone pretending to be Japanese that doesn't actually speak
Japanese. Have you ever heard it? Uh, we'll play it for you.
It's cuz it's the weirdest.
It's it's sounds so strange and fake,
but you know,
like they have these quote experts that say the human voice is not
capable of making sounds remotely similar to this.
The range is which doesn't make any sense if you know who Michael Winslow is.
Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah. That guy who, that guy went on.
He does a woman ping when she goes to the bathroom. He does everything.
Yeah. He does everything. He did lead Zeppelin.
He played a whole lot of love with his mouth. Yeah. And it sounds incredible.
But um, this samurai sound like there's these loud. Whoops. Whoops.
And these guys are like in the foreground, you know,
like the guys who are recording,
they're trying to communicate with these things. They sound so calm. I mean,
if they're really were as giant eight foot apes out there
wandering around like, you know, two,
300 yards away from you screaming and whooping and talking, would you really?
And you're in the woods, would you really be so calm?
Wouldn't you be freaking the out. Yeah. Yeah. Would these guys, do you have it?
Yeah.
I'm trying to make sure I find the right thing.
Cause I I'm stumbling across some traps. Oh. Like people are make around the.
Internet. I wish I could remember the gentleman's name. Well, I think.
I have it. That's all I'm saying. So Ronald J Moorehead and Alan Berry maybe.
Is that right? Yes. Ron Moorehead. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's it.
The Sierra mountains. That's what it is. All right.
And so, um, it's the weirdest ever. Listen, just listen to this. You're gonna,
I read what it could be, but we'll listen first. Oh, it could be as well.
It could be
That sound like
Listen to the guy. This is, hold stop, stop, stop.
This is a terrible version of it.
There's a better version of it where you can hear the guys really clearly the
people talking. I don't know why that's so scratchy,
but they're, they're like they're over by the lake. Like they're,
they're talking like that. They hear
This very strange sound and they're coming calm about it. Yeah. And these,
you know, supposed experts are analyzing it.
The human body is incapable of making such sounds,
you know, in that area of you got it. I don't know. It says HD
They're knock. That's another thing that Sasquatch do they knock?
One's weird.
Scoot ahead a little bit and hear the samurai. Sounds
Still sounds terrible. Anyway, these people believe that,
Les Stroud was balls deep in this balls with that guy.
Apparently he had an experience and I talked to him about his experiences.
Pretty interesting. He was in, um, not with that guy, but,
but he was in Alaska and uh, apparently he heard some crazy noises.
Like some monkey sounds outside of his in the middle of nowhere.
No one was over in there and he said he heard something run away.
Some bipedal sound of something running away. But again,
even though he's an experienced woodsman and he's a guy who's,
you know,
camped out countless nights in the middle of nowhere and survives in the middle
of nowhere and documents it.
Like he's the reason why those survivor shows exist. Yeah.
As that guy literally would starve to death and try to eat like bark and
whatever the he could for seven, you could see his face like sinking in. It was,
he was losing weight. I mean, he really did do that.
He did all sorts of different things to try to survive and then documented how
he was doing it and what he would do.
But he got obsessed with Bigfoot and then developed that Bigfoot show.
And unfortunately, a lot of people lost a lot of faith in him because of that.
They're like, no, you're the legit survivor guy.
And now you're doing this show and this is why it's ridiculous.
There was one episode of the show where they had this guy who he was with,
who had video of the Sasquatch, like high definition video.
And it looks so fake. Yeah. It's like,
he's like the Sasquatch is looking at him through the woods and he's like,
there he is. There he is. It's a guy with a mask on that's.
Saw, he goes, yells out. I'm a Sasquatch. Like God, he just.
Yell that out. Oh no, he makes the, makes the sound big foot. But this,
you know, the, the guy who had the videos known to be like full and here he is,
got this guy on his show. And then he, you know, is this real? You be the judge,
like, yeah, I'm gonna say, it's not real. It's a guy with a mask on. I think I.
Did read that. That, that guy was very not respected. Yes.
In that, by the Bigfoot community. Yeah. You know the Bigfoot community again,
very open-minded <laugh> yeah. He.
Varis into everyth.
Was the other thing. Like they would,
they would see trees that would fall over like in certain patterns.
And they were convinced that Sasquatch was leaning these trees against each
other.
I thought it was like, yeah. To not to let you know where not to go. Yeah.
That's they had this idea. I mean, it's all theory, right? Yeah.
I think I's following the wrong guy, dude.
I believe all the stuff that he likes fake. I'm like, yeah.
I only watched that less crowd one cause of that other guy.
Well, I want it to be real. That's the thing I do too.
If someone had a convincing big foot encounter where they caught it on
video where I was like, holy, what is that? Like? What is that?
Or there was something, but there's nothing like, I, you know, I've,
I've talked to a lot of those people when I,
I did this show called Joe Rogan questions,
everything for sci-fi and me and Duncan Trussel actually went camping in the
Pacific Northwest. We didn't really camp. We pretend to go camping.
And then we went to a hotel. Yeah. And then we came back the next morning, like,
well rough, no camping.
But we were out there for days trying to look for Sasquatch and talking to
people that hunt for Sasquatch.
And the one conclusion that we came to is it's a bunch of unfuckable white
dudes. Like.
That's just out there just out there camping.
It's just, but the, the desire for it to.
Be real is so strong. It would change. I watched, you know,
like that finding Bigfoot show, I used to always think, cuz people like,
why is it on I'm like, I don't know, man. Cause it's fun to watch.
And if they find him, the world is different now,
like if they come back with Bigfoot, everything's, everything's different.
Everything's getting different with the alien thing. Yeah.
The fact that they're saying it's that that's like true. You're like,
that's a lot, dude. That's a lot to take. If we get, you know,
I know that they have the videos and stuff, the aliens, but like if you, if you,
we get up straight up, start talking to one, I mean, I don't know what's.
Gonna happen. Well, here's something that came out, uh, today. Jamie,
I'm gonna send you this, uh, cuz uh, uh, saga and jet from uh,
rising on the hill and I've been going back and forth with this. And I,
I found this today and sent it to him. It's um,
I'll send it to you right now, Jamie. Um,
it says paradigm shifting UFO tech that alters space
time is operable us Navy, chief tech officer.
So it's some story that I didn't bother looking into because
I, I saw it when I was on my way out the door. And I was like,
what in the is this?
Cuz there's been all these sightings of these things that move in some weird
way, paradigm shifting UFO tech there.
So there's these things that been that move in this weird way that don't show
any propulsion system and oh, due to censorship,
please join us on telegram.
I'm gonna say documents obtained by the drive show.
The revolutionary technology that is capability to alter space time may actually
be operable. According to the Naval,
a enterprise chief technology officer. Dr. James,
how do you say that name Shehe is.
Comparable in quotes? What is.
That? I don't know. Good question. Reflect on. Uh,
why is technology that is a potential to change the entire human experience for
the better always used for the defense purposes and military applications.
What are betterments? What about the betterment of humanity? Yeah,
I don't know. Um, but it's Christopher Mellon.
Who's that guy who keeps coming up with all this, uh, UFO. Textile.
Can you scroll back up please? If someone's.
Just like writing, I was reading through Twitter. It's like a story.
It's not really like an article.
Right? Um,
Twitter feed of Christopher mill on the former deputy assistant defense
secretary for intelligence from 97 to 2002 doing so I came across an interesting
post from the drive regarding documents. They received via the freedom,
freedom of information act regarding a space time modification,
weapon developed by the us Navy,
which apparently has already gone through experimental testing.
This in turn led me to evidence suggesting that other revolutionary type of
technology that could no doubt be used to change the world for the better blah,
blah blah was already operable. Yeah, I don't know. But that, this is what, um,
if you pay attention to the UFO world, do you pay attention to that at all? Uh.
Not like.
Actively, there's a guy named Bob Lazar in his.
I do know that from cause you.
Talked to him. Yeah. It was one of the weirdest conversations I've ever had.
Cause you're like, I mean, are you crazy? Are you full? Or is this real? Yeah.
Cause if it is real, it's wild. This,
this thing is a special effect.
Created a guy who was a special effect artist. Do you remember his name?
Jamie who made this thing for us? This gentleman,
he's got a, um,
design designs by Perry designs by Perry at Instagram.
And he created this thing and this is like a
scale model of what Bob Lazar supposedly worked on.
He was hired by the United States military to work at area
S four,
which is part of the area 51 like area 51 site
S four site four was this place where he
allegedly worked to back engineer,
these spaceships and the way these things moved around was exactly how this
Christopher Melan guy or this article rather quoted him as describing that they
use some sort of gravity space, time bending technology.
So they didn't use a propulsion system like a rocket shoot, flame out the back.
They bent time in front of them and just would shoot instantaneously to wherever
the they wanted to go. So.
You'd be like.
Instantly be able to go instantly.
What's is that there was an instance off of the, uh,
coast of San Diego in 2004 where, uh, a Navy pilot, uh,
by the name of commander David Craver, who I've also had on the show,
experienced this thing that they call the tic TAC UFO.
They tracked it with radar. They tracked it with, um, their,
the camera systems on the, on the, on the, on their plane.
And they even have video footage of this thing.
It went from 80,000 feet above sea level to one
in a second. Wow.
That's the amount of time that it takes for radar to do the blip PIP. Yeah.
Blip. So in that time it traveled 80,000 feet.
They have no idea how the it did that. It shows no propulsion heat, signature.
They took video footage of this thing. And it went from there.
It took off where they couldn't even follow it with their eyes just appeared to
the predetermined destination where they were supposed to coordinate later.
So it's like it's reading their tracking systems or reading where they were
going. And the people that worked on the aircraft carrier were telling the,
the fighter pilot, like we've been seeing these things over, you know,
we see them like every couple weeks we have no idea what the going on. Yeah.
And they, they just say, well, there it is. You know, what,
what are we gonna do about that?
Yeah. I like to picture the, like an alien in that tic TAC. He's like, well,
slow it down. You're kind of crazy right now. Like he's,
he's having a bad day and there, cause he's gotta be having just a day.
Whoever's in there some kind of day. Maybe, maybe having a day. That's a,
it's a lot to, yeah. I don't know.
You think it's like a lot to just tell people,
like if they had to be like to tell like just earth,
all of us humans on earth to like wrap our head around what would happen?
I think.
What do you say if that's all, you know,
like if you are the military and all, you know,
is that something can do these things, something can move at the speed.
You know,
the New York times had a front page article about it a couple years ago. And um,
but basically they're saying, Hey, you know,
there are videos of things moving in away that we don't
understand that aren't exhibiting a heat signature that indicates a propulsion
system. And we don't know what it is. And this is, and then the, the there's uh,
the COVID 19 bill that just got passed.
And one of the provisions in the COVID 19 bill is that they have 60, no,
180 days to release all the information they have about UFOs.
That's a.
You know, but I don't know if they're gonna do anything with,
I think they're gonna do nothing. That's funny that it's in these.
Yeah. We don't have 19 bill. Like.
That's a lot of weird was in the COVID nine bill, 19 bill, like,
like foreign aid.
There's a lot of foreign aid to Pakistan aid to all these countries.
It's like people just to get it past, they're like, okay, we we'll say yes,
but I want you to do a little, little favor for me and at this, in the bill.
Yeah. And there's, you know, it just shows you how greasy politicians are. Yeah.
Yeah. It's.
Kind of crazy. Yeah.
Yeah. But that's allegedly what all that UFO technology is.
Wow. Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.